# C Language Programs

C is a general-purpose programming language that is extremely popular, simple, and flexible to use. It is a structured programming language that is machine-independent and extensively used to write various applications, Operating Systems like Windows, and many other complex programs like Oracle database, Git, Python interpreter, and more.

The base or father of programming languages is ‘ALGOL.’ It was first introduced in 1960. ‘ALGOL’ was used on a large basis in European countries. ‘ALGOL’ introduced the concept of structured programming to the developer community. In 1967, a new computer programming language was announced called ‘BCPL’ which stands for Basic Combined Programming Language. BCPL was designed and developed by Martin Richards, especially for writing system software. This was the era of programming languages. Just after three years, in 1970 a new programming language called ‘B’ was introduced by Ken Thompson that contained multiple features of ‘BCPL.’ This programming language was created using UNIX operating system at AT&T and Bell Laboratories. Both the ‘BCPL’ and ‘B’ were system programming languages.

Here we are sharing C programs on different topics of C Programming, e.g., array, strings, series, field amount of geometric numbers, mathematical computation, sorting&searching algorithms, and many more. Our goal is to give you the ideal result of all these C programming questions that you may have either encountered during interviews or at course assignments. If you don't ’t see what you are searching for so please move the line in the comment section below so that we will make it brought to the below publication of C programs.

The given repository contains a lot of programs and other stuff related to C language programming which might be considered useful and could be used by any user to complete their assignments. Majorly I have uploaded all of the C language programs which I have generated while learning about the language. The different directories present in the repository provide different genera of the C language programs with some major and minor lines of code from very easy to the hard-line code
